Adding possible configuration variables for identity and also linked it to the gateway configuration (#4863)
camunda/camunda-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.4/self-managed/zeebe-deployment/configuration/gateway.md

:::note
For now, multi-tenancy is only supported in combination with Identity.
To use multi-tenancy, you must set [`authentication.mode`](#zeebegatewayclustersecurityauthentication) to `'identity'` and specify the

> `camunda.identity.baseUrl` property or the [corresponding Camunda Identity environment variable](../../identity/deployment/configuration-variables.md#camunda-identity-configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Camunda Identity properties or the [corresponding environment variables](../../identity/deployment/configuration-variables.md#camunda-identity-sdk-configuration).
```
